Enacting Legal Tender Status for Bitcoin

Today in Jan 4th, 2022, where currently our Government and the Banking system backing it have lost credibility, having continually been discrediting Bitcoin all these years but now the tables have turned, unfortunately nothing is changing due to the forces of weaponry and financial graft. To adopt today financial alternatives that release limitations from any capital controls on USD or other currencies, a challenge that we have all been collectively facing since 2019, so with Bitcoin legal tender we also all have the capability of avoiding what is being rolled out for us now, the underhanded CBDC schemes attempting to take over all control of our funds. Bitcoin is digital property of which 21,000,000 coins exist, each dividable by 0.00000001, totally independently run, and is globally considered among our community as the ideal form of stored energy, with a stock-to-flow ratio that is even harder than gold. The national transition to financial freedom starts through a request for funds, which must instead come from independent citizens, to distribute support from the general community, in order to:

1) Following a US example, arrange a 2 hour workshop at the Parliament, to distribute ₿0.01 to each 128 Member of Parliament's recommended wallets chosen from the official Bitcoin wallet selector at bitcoin.org/en/choose-your-wallet to introduce them to Bitcoin without it being considered bribery. A similar 1 or 2 hour workshop at the Cabinet for the 24 Ministers will also be held. Total USD15200 in Bitcoin introductions to Members of Parliament and Ministers at today's price.

2) Ensure open markets for freely and fairly trading Bitcoin anytime.

3) Lawyers from the community in tandem with BBB Labs will submit this legislation to MPs at parliament to pass eternally Legal Tender status for Bitcoin in Lebanon. We may adopt a ₿3 deposit option for foreigners who want to work or retire in the country, with permanent residency paperwork, to the multi-signature Bitcoin wallet belonging to our national coffers, making sure that any donations must not come from any government, political party or corporate party, not even to BBB Labs, and any such support received from such entities must be 100% duly returned. The multi-signatures will be held by 1) our president, 2) our minister of finance, and 3) the Director-general of the ministry of finance, among a recommended tightly controlled external ombudsman, or referee.

4) A plan for revamping the production of purely renewable resources for the capability of a USD32.5m budget to have sustained Bitcoin mining by the government in order to independently cover all its budgetary expenses, as well as ₿0.01 monthly to each citizen in Universal Basic Income, so that the government and it’s people can independently stand up back on their feet. All Bitcoin mining must be produced through renewable energy resources, whose investment requirement must look similar to the Bitcoin mining requirements. We have contacts with individuals at the most renown local and global environmental agencies that can be consulted to provide the latest technologically advanced conversions of renewable resources into energy, such as those still mostly unknown to the mass market, and have it provided at the best value as well. One such example is the new McCamley Windmills available from McCamley Middle East ltd. Lebanon has plenty of sunshine and strong sustained wind is found in Lebanon's extreme northern border strip with Syria. Also, enterprising Lebanese are currently devising Magnet Phase Generators which are increasingly being the favored energy production option. The dream of “free energy” is the ultimate answer to our pertinent issues.

5) To ultimately have the unit of account in our government denominated in Bitcoin.

For progress to happen on reversing capital controls and other financial challenges that remain unresolved, the solution is now a responsibility of ₿BB Labs in Beirut, tasking itself to correct the unjustified financial challenges facing our families today. The necessary resources in order to realize this dream: around $65,000,000 in renewable energy investment, complete Bitcoin mining equipment, introductory deposits, and for attorneys among our community to begin writing legislation for submission to our parliament. This legislation brings freedom to us and our entire Nation by enacting it into law by hand signature at our legislature.
